Hi
I'm Phoenix
This project is a smart assistant
This is the 1.0 beta version of this project
I am currently working on the third version of this project
This app currently only supports typed commands
I am writing this program to help me and anyone who uses it get things done faster.

I used a new pattern in coding this artificial intelligence
MPD pattern:
This pattern has three layers.
Modules: Libraries and Functions
Processors: processing instructions (for example: conditional statements)
Databases: application data
In the next update, documentation of this pattern will be published

Features of this version of Delta Assistant:
Semi-rigid calculations in mathematics, physics, chemistry
Search engines
Search Wikipedia
Open a URL
Open a project from your system
Rename the file or folder
Analyze a stock (this is not yet complete in this version)
Alert for currency or stock price fluctuations

Below you can see the latest capabilities of this artificial intelligence:
Heavy calculations in mathematics, physics, chemistry
Search in search engines and choose the best result
Search Wikipedia by returning a summary of your topic
Open a URL
Open a project from your system
Rename the file or folder
And the analysis of a stock you send the previous price of that stock to the DA and it analyzes and analyzes it for you and instead tells you whether to buy or not. This is done by a complex neural network. This neural network makes every effort to analyze. If it was difficult for you to tell the stock history, you can leave it to the DA. It even tells you how much to buy. You can have a list of stocks. Give it to DA to tell you what to do with that stock! For example, it tells you to sell some of your stock.
Alert for currency or stock price fluctuations
Convert audio file to text file
Convert image to PDF
Convert PDF to image
Convert video to text
Convert text files to combinations
Convert all audio files together
Convert all video files together
Search social networks to track people
Get the latest world news
A new feature of this artificial intelligence is that you can make voice commands from yourself
And hundreds of other features ...

Of course these features are for version 1.3

Version 1.3 will be released soon!

From Δ Delta inc 17 NOV. 2021